Since working with Breaking B2B, they've
helped Proposify rank number one for
quoting software in the US, number one
for proposal software in the US, which
is our most critical keyword. We've
gotten 68% more clicks from competitive
pages, and our AI search visitors are up
91%.
>> Being able to solidify our spot in those
positions has been really important.
It's been interesting seeing how quickly
we saw those results after starting to
work with you. If you had to pin down
the most valuable part of the service,
would you say there is one?
>> The cadence and the consistency of
basically saying here's the plan for
next month. Here's the top priorities
and just every month we can see
progress.
>> Hey folks, could you quickly introduce
yourselves and a quick summary of what
your company does?
>> I'm Jennifer Fulner. I'm the director of
marketing at Proposify.
>> And I'm Kyle Raki, the CEO and
co-founder of Proposify. and we're a
proposal software for B2B businesses.
>> Great stuff. Could you share what SEO AI
looked like before you partnered with
Breaking B2B?
>> Well, I think previously we didn't have
a solid strategy for SEO. We certainly
did things. We did keyword search. We
tried to integrate SEO into everything
we did. But since partnering with
breaking B2B, it's we have an outline
strategy that is really refined around
our goals. And then in terms of AI
search, we weren't doing anything. I
mean, I think it's all so new that we
weren't sure where to go or where to
start, what to do. And that is something
else. And I mean, we've seen immediate
results on that where we're starting to
show up because we've started to ask
people where they've heard of us. and
we're seeing immediate results on people
quoting some of the LLMs.
>> Great stuff. I appreciate that. I
suppose diving a bit deeper there. What
would you say were maybe some of the
problems or frustrations or maybe even
issues that you were facing kind of
leading up to working with us? I will
say like historically we've always been
very strong with SEO but it's changed a
lot over the years and we kind of found
there was diminishing returns especially
where blogs became more about just
basically stuffing keywords around top
offunnel topics and that wasn't really
the kind of content that Jen and I
wanted to create. We've always really
believed more in the thought leadership
and having an authentic voice. And so
when working with demand genen people,
they would tend to really just focus on
like how do you drive inbound search for
broad term around sales for example. I
like the balance that breaking B2B
brings to it because the blog is used to
drive high intent search and we are able
to create more thought leadership pieces
and put that into our social media or
newsletters cross-osted to the blog but
but Breaking B2B is very focused on
building quality articles not just blog
articles but also other like landing
pages template landing pages on the
website that are really driven around
high high intent search. Yeah, I would
just add to that that sometimes we were
in situations cause right on there
versus sometimes on the demand genen
side where we don't want traffic at any
cost and sometimes the suggestions for
how we should be optimizing our content
was really just about driving traffic
and not driving qualified traffic. And
so some of the subjects that we were
writing about and getting content out
there were really so far removed. I
mean, we do do a lot that's not just
directly proposals, but some of the
topics that were suggested to us were
just too far out from our purpose. Like
the dots were too far connected to
really feel one authentic to us, as Kyle
said, and two, related to what we
actually do and would bring us in
qualified traffic. So, I think that's a
huge thing. And then the other big thing
is the competition. So when we first
started out with Proposify when Kyle
started the company 11 years ago there
wasn't as much competition for proposal
software the way that there is now. So
really trying to where we used to rank
really highly that got more difficult to
do just because the the market is more
flooded and so really standing out there
was something else we wanted to do. And
as Kyle said that the big thing is SEO
is changing all the time. I mean every
time you look there's like another
suggestion on how you do this or that
and trying to stay on top of that as a
small marketing team where it's not
necessarily our primary focus of the
expertise. So having the breaking B2B
team to provide their expertise is
really helpful to us.
>> No, I appreciate that. Would you say
there was something specific or certain
things that made you decide to partner
with us? I don't know compared to other
agencies on the market. I mean
definitely your LinkedIn content I would
say like caught our eye just how you
talked about it were very real about it.
The other problem with SEO right now is
I find that market is also super flooded
and it can feel like a lot of black
magic is promised and we have had
contractors where I wouldn't say they
were most ethical in how they were
getting links and the types of links
they were getting. That integrity and
legitimacy was also important to us. So
by watching your LinkedIn content over
time, you certainly for me established
uh that credibility and reliability that
we could trust you.
>> No, I appreciate I appreciate the kind
words.
>> I would say the same thing. I think it
was highly relationship driven, but that
relationship started from LinkedIn and
content. So you're doing founder brand,
right?
>> Moving forward to result side of things,
how would you say the results have been
so far?
>> I mean, I'm going to say like who
doesn't want to be number one?
[laughter and gasps]
So for us like at different times we've
you know gone up and down. It's like a
roller coaster us in terms of ranking
and where we rank and where we land. But
certainly being able to get back up in
number one for proposal software in the
US and number one for coding software in
the US from an organic perspective.
Those two positions are really important
for us and we have gone again gone up
and down over the years. So being able
to solidify our spot in those positions
has been really important and it's been
interesting seeing how quickly we saw
those results after starting to work
with you.
>> Are you ready for the goods, Sam? You
want me to deliver the goods?
>> Sure thing.
>> All right. Since working with Breaking
B2B, they've helped Proposify rank
number one for quoting software in the
US, number one for proposal software in
the US, which is our most critical
keyword. We've gotten 68% more clicks
from competitive pages of prospects
comparing vendors or looking to move and
our AI search visitors are up 91%.
>> Great stuff. And I think you mentioned
earlier in the call that kind of more
folks are mentioning kind of how did you
hear about us found you through LLMs or
AI search? Is is that kind of happening
more often or is there any other kind of
I guess downstream impacts that you're
seeing from our work?
>> The other thing I was going to add about
the AI search because of course this is
everybody on everybody's mind. It's not
just blind traffic. We have seen that it
is qualified people coming in and that
they're engaged. It's not just they're
dropping in and coming out, but then
they're actually engaging in other ways.
And that has also been important to us,
especially right now where everybody's
just trying to figure out what is going
on actually going on with AI and how is
it actually helping us increase sales
and trials and customers and and all
those things. And I suppose if you had
to pin down to the most valuable part of
the service we provide, would you say
there is one?
>> I mean from my perspective it's twofold.
when we are a small team and so having
dedicated partner to just think about
SEO all the time for us and be an
extension of our team to really
prioritize SEO which we're not always
able to do with the size of our team
combined with your expertise on it that
this is your primary focus and your
primary expertise is huge for us. Yeah,
I would say similarly from my
perspective. I like the cadence and the
and the consistency of basically saying
here's the plan for next month. Here's
the top priorities. Here's what we're
going to do. Here's what we need from
you. And just every month we can see
progress.
>> And I would say the other thing that I
like is for the monthly plan that it's a
mix because we have a lot of existing
content. And so what's been great is the
the balance of creating new content that
helps us get to our goals, but also
looking at our existing content that has
performed well and making suggestions on
how we can update that and just give it
that extra push.
>> Appreciate you both going through it.
Thanks very much. Thanks for taking the
time.
>> Hope it's useful.
>> Thank you. And if you're ready to start
making AI search and SEO a reliable
channel to drive signups, booked calls,
or demos for your B2B SAS, why not grab
a call with me over at breakingb2b.com.
We can chat through where you're at now,
where you'd like to get to, and see if
we can start driving inbounds as fast as
90 days, just like we did for Proposify.
So, head over to breaking.com or hit the
link in the description below. Or if
you're not ready, you can grab my free
90 days to revenue full video course and
playbook. Head over to breakingb.com and
hit the newsletter tab to unlock it
instantly.